exercises/001-hello-world/README.md, before:

Hello World in JavaScript!

It is a tradition to start learning a new programming language with a simple "Hello, World!" program. In this exercise, you will create a function that returns the string "Hello, World!".

Go to `exercise.js` file and fill the console.log statement to print "Hello, World!" to the console.

And hey, welcome to the world of programming!

## Test your code
I assume that you have already set up your development environment. You should have node.js and npm installed on your machine. If not, please refer to the [Getting Started](../../Getting-Started.md) guide.

To run your code, the easiest way is to open your terminal/command prompt, navigate to the `exercises/01-hello-world` directory, and run the following command:

```bash
cd exercises/01-hello-world
node exercise.js
```

## What is Node.js?
Node.js is a JavaScript runtime built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine. It allows you to run JavaScript code outside of a web browser, making it possible to build server-side applications and command-line tools using JavaScript.

With Node.js installed, it's pretty easy to run JavaScript files directly from your terminal.

How to run any JavaScript file using Node.js:
```bash
node <filename>.js
```

or 
```bash
node <filename>
```

`node` command automatically assumes the `.js` extension if not provided.

Commit message:

feat: Update Hello World exercise with instructions to disable autocompletion and correct file path

exercises/001-hello-world/README.md, after:

> **Disable autocompletions while working**
>
> For best learning outcomes, it is recommended to temporarily disable GitHub Copilot and other autocompletion/intellisense extensions when doing these exercises. Autocompletion can reveal answers or reduce the practice of writing code yourself.
>
> - VS Code: disable the extension from the Extensions view or turn off inline suggestions in Settings.
> - Other editors: pause or disable autocompletion extensions/features via the editor's extension/settings panel.
>
> You can re-enable them any time after finishing an exercise.

## Hello World in JavaScript!

It is a tradition to start learning a new programming language with a simple "Hello, World!" program. In this exercise, you will create a function that returns the string "Hello, World!".

Go to `exercise.js` file and fill the console.log statement to print "Hello, World!" to the console.

And hey, welcome to the world of programming!

## Test your code
I assume that you have already set up your development environment. You should have node.js and npm installed on your machine. If not, please refer to the [Getting Started](../../Getting-Started.md) guide.

To run your code, the easiest way is to open your terminal/command prompt, navigate to the `exercises/01-hello-world` directory, and run the following command:

```bash
cd exercises/001-hello-world
node 001-hello-world
```

## What is Node.js?
Node.js is a JavaScript runtime built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine. It allows you to run JavaScript code outside of a web browser, making it possible to build server-side applications and command-line tools using JavaScript.

With Node.js installed, it's pretty easy to run JavaScript files directly from your terminal.

How to run any JavaScript file using Node.js:
```bash
node <filename>.js
```

or 
```bash
node <filename>
```

`node` command automatically assumes the `.js` extension if not provided.
